(action music)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(dreamy music)
(old movie projector whirring)
(groovy music)
(chokes on drink)
- Hey Corey. how you doing?
- Jesus. you break into my house now?
- Relax. I want to come by and see you.
I brought all the boys.
we got Bobby. Fabrizio. and Lou.
we want to come and say hi.
(ominous music)
Want to talk to you.
- What do you want now. man?
- So how you feel about
the big game tomorrow?
Feeling good. feeling strong?
- No. no. I'm not doing another game.
We gotta make it to the playoffs. man.
It's four games this season.
Come on.
- So tomorrow. you're
going to lose to Cleveland
by at least I'd say. what guys. 14?
14 work for you?
- Not bad.
- Yeah.
By at least 14 points. you get me?
- No. no. it's not happening.
- No. I think it is happening.
(suspenseful music)
- Go to hell. Nick.
(arm swishing)
(punch thudding)
(man grunting)
(thudding)
- Bobby. Fabrizio.
Go ahead. Lou.
- No. no. please.
- [Nick] Don't move.
Hold him steady.
(man grunting)
All right. look at me. look at me.
I think you upset my friends a little bit.
So listen. this is how it works.
You throw the game for us tomorrow.
you get to keep your arm.
What arm does he throw it
again. I don't remember.
- I think it's the right.
- The right.
Make a mental note. this is the right one.
- Okay.
- Okay?
You don't throw the game.
my friend Lou here is
going to cut your arm.
And then you get to what's it called.
you get to apply for early retirement.
You know. it doesn't matter
to me what you want to do.
It's totally up to you. you tell us.
- You can forget it. man.
(spitting)
- [Lou] Man. you know
let me cut his arm off.
- No! No! No! No! No!
Oh. Jesus Christ. sorry.
- So what?
You got to keep doing business with us.
- Okay. okay. I'll throw the game.
I'll throw the game.
(panting)
- All right. Get him up.
- Come up. bitch.
- Come here.
(shakes off dust)
You see. good as new.
You see Corey. when you
stick to the arrangement.
we prosper. you prosper.
everybody prospers. huh?
When you don't stick to the arrangement.
then nobody prospers.
And when nobody prospers.
what's that mean Bobby?
It means that we're
going to have a problem.
I don't like to have a problem.
Do you get me?
- Yeah. I get you man.
- All right. good.
One last thing.
Next week. me and the boys.
we're going to need some tickets
for that game next weekend.
Back seats. obviously. you
know like everything comp
because Bobby likes those hot dogs and...
(Nick talking in Italian)
(Man talking back in Italian)
And Lou. what do you like over there?
- Whiskey.
- Whiskey. Very good.
I happen to like whiskey too.
so you know what they
want. a hot dog. whiskey.
hook it up for us. you
know what I'm saying?
Yeah?
- All right. Yeah.
- Good boy. Okay.
It's my birthday tomorrow so
don't let me down with nothing.
All right?
- All right.
- All right. good boy huh.
(slapping on face)
Who's better than you?
Look at this guy.
(talking in Italian)
- Have a good game.
Hey. tell Nick happy birthday.
- Happy birthday. Mr. Romano.
- Thank you.
(thudding)
(men speaking in Italian)
(intense music)
(phone ringing)
- Hello?
Yeah.
(speaking in Italian)
Oh yeah. thank you.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh. you're coming over?
All right. yeah.
Give me like an hour. okay.
Yeah. right. Bye.
I don't know why this guy
call me so early. it's Sunday.
Jesus Christ.
- So you're ready for round two?
- You can't enough last night.
- Oh come on it's your birthday.
- I can't Sonny's coming over.
I got to get ready now.
- You told them an hour.
- I can't. come on.
Oh. don't do that.
- Relax.
- What the hell it's my birthday.
(jazz music)
- Do you believe this?
Even on a Sunday. they
got to do construction.
What is this?
(hammer pounding)
I can't relax. I got this house for what?
I can't relax today in my birthday.
(Sonny singing happy birthday)
- Oh. Sonny!
Happy birthday kid.
- Thank you.
- What you got. you got a
piss moving in next door?
- Yeah. I don't know this people.
I don't know.
- You pay all this money for this house.
- You would think. right.
You would think.
I don't need the stress.
Oh. you want cafe?
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. sure.
- Daphne. mind to give us
special for me and Sonny?
- Only 'cause it's your birthday.
- Thank you.
You're looking beautiful today.
Come on. let's go for walk.
(water flowing)
- Know what this place reminds me of?
- What?
- This place reminds me of
something that is Sheikh.
an Arab Sheikh.
- Possibly. possibly.
- You thinking about becoming a Sheikh?
- Not today. but maybe in the future.
- What about the girl?
You already got the harem. Who is she?
- Who. Daphne?
No. we're only friends.
- Come on. you're friends?
- We're friends. that's it.
- Come on.
- I swear to you we're only friends.
- Oh. you're only friends.
I'm going to ask her out.
- Please do.
Hey. you'd be doing me a favor.
When you guys get married.
I'm going to go to your
wedding too. all right.
(Sonny chuckling)
♪ And we can have ♪
- Thank you. beautiful.
(kissing)
- Back to the pool.
- All right. go have fun. sweetie.
Go ahead.
(sighing)
- Joys of youth.
- Could be worse.
- Mind you. when I was a young kid myself
and I was running around
town with your uncle Tony.
- Yeah. you told me you guys
used to have a lot of fun.
- Yeah. we certainly did.
What's it been now. two years?
- Yeah. Two years.
- Goddamn cancer.
- Yeah.
- So.
(Sonny clears throat)
I'm having a little trouble
with my record company.
MT records.
- Just go ahead.
- Marcus Towns Sr..
he's the guy who gave
me my first big break.
he was the founder of the company.
He signed me when no one else would.
I've been with this
label more than 50 years.
- Did he die recently or something?
- Yeah. And that's the problem.
Now his son Marcus Jr. is in charge.
♪ Yes I'm in designer ♪
♪ If I see her then I got her. bro ♪
♪ Yes I am a dog ♪
♪ With these diamonds on my collar ♪
♪ And I swear I got
your girl head-banging ♪
♪ So they calling me Nirvana ♪
♪ No I'm not her ♪
And this kid wants to cut
me off the label completely.
I mean. he wants to go
with hip hop. rap music.
I mean. come on. rap music
is not exactly my forte.
- I mean. you got like anything in writing
with these people Sonny?
- No. no. because back in the
day we never did those things.
Everything was a handshake.
I mean. that's how we did business.
- So how can I help?
- Okay.
Here's the thing.
I talked to this kid
myself and he won't listen.
He tells me he's already made up his mind.
Nicky. I'm not a kid anymore.
I don't like changes.
And the last thing that I want to do
at this point in my life.
is look around for another record label.
- Want me to talk to them for you?
- If you don't mind. I
would really appreciate it.
This guy hangs out at this
club that he owns downtown.
It's called The Hypnotic.
- Yes. Sonny.
Don't worry.
I'm going to take care of it for you.
- Thank you. kid.
- No problem.
So you're going to stick around
for my birthday party later.
It's going to be pretty wild.
- Yeah. I can bet on that.
I would love to. I mean
the spirit's willing
but the flesh is weak.
(chuckling)
I can't keep up with
you young guys anymore.
- Hey. Sonny you're as
young as you feel. right?
- I'll drink to that.
- All right.
- Salute.
(glass toasting)
(jazz music)
(distant chattering)
(people cheering)
- [Nick] Hey. thanks for coming.
- Hey. listen that thing
with the man tomorrow
If he gives you-
- Hey. don't talk to me-
- I'm saying I'll take of-
(shushing)
- Don't talk business.
- My bad. my bad.
- Happy birthday. Nick.
- Thanks honey.
- Hey. beautiful.
- Happy birthday!
- Thanks honey.
- Oh happy birthday
(mumbling)
- Fabrizio!
(talking in Italian)
- Hey. sleeping beauty huh?
- Anthony. do me a favor.
Don't bust my balls on my birthday.
come on. we're having a party right now.
- I know it's your birthday.
I'm very happy for you.
but I'm in down here playing host
while your upstairs sleeping.
- I got to tell you too.
this place looks amazing.
I mean the detail.
I mean. you can be
doing this for a living.
You're good.
Hey. what do you want for me?
I was taking a nap.
Come on. Relax.
- Excuses. excuses.
- So well to know Erica.
- Daphne. Erica.
- Daphne.
- Same old. same old.
I see you're drunk again. Lou.
- By the way who won the game?
- Cleveland. Miami lost by 14.
Our friend threw four interceptions.
- That's why you see?
It's going to be a very
profitable day today. huh?
- That's very true.
- You do me a favor now.
Come on. it's a party.
It's my birthday.
Can you have a little fun?
Loosen up. come on.
- All right. all right.
Happy birthday. you prick.
- All right. you bastard.
All right you. bastard. yeah.
(laughing)
Smile.
- [Diego] Nick Romano.
- Mr. Deputy Mayor Cruz.
(speaking in Italian)
- Happy birthday. man.
Thank you for having me.
- Hey. how you doing?
Thanks for coming.
- It's a party. drink up.
- [Diego] It's like having a good time
at the mayor's office.
Oh. no.
- Two shots. Erica.
(distant talking)
- I'm not serving you anymore. Lou.
- Kiss my ass. Erica.
- Hey. real classy.
- So what do you say then?
What about we get out of here.
(mumbling)
- Look. I did not come here to be partying
with your sloppy ass. Okay?
Back off.
- Why? Do you think
you're too good for me?
- Get off me.
- Don't walk away from me bitch!
- Then back off!
- Lou!
What are you doing?
- All due respect. Nick.
This don't concern you.
- Bob.
- Lou. come on.
You should lay off. relax.
- You're going to do
everything Nick tells you?
- There's a boss in this family.
- Pussy.
(arm swishing)
(punch thudding)
- Come and slip it off.
Come and slip it off.
- I'll kill you!
(knife whistling)
Louie.
Come on. you feel strong?
Let's go. Come on.
(punch thudding)
(Nick talking in Italian)
(dramatic music)
(door sliding)
- Hey. hey. Daph.
You all right?
- Yeah. yeah.
- I'm sorry. baby.
- It's all good.
Hey. I thought we were drinking.
- Yeah. Yeah. Come on.
Let's do... Hey Die. ladies. come here.
Set it up. set it up. go ahead.
Come on.
Let's do six.
Perfect.
- Wow.
Never a dull moment with you. man.
- Yeah. you're telling me.
All right guys.
I want to thank you all for
coming to my birthday party.
All right. I'll Salute.
- Salute.
(vocalizing)
(sighing)
Let's do another one.
Want another one?
Come on. come on.
Ladies come on. let's do another one.
Set it up. let's do another one.
(dramatic music)
(distant bird chirping)
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
(blowing)
(people cheering)
(party horn beeping)
- Everybody. everybody.
Please raise your glass.
I want to make a toast.
- A toast.
- Wait. are you going to
propose to me or something?
(laughing)
You were such smart ass.
Geez.
Okay. we know. when I've
known Nick as long as I have.
you know he's a man of
respect. honor. and loyalty.
- Wait. Anthony. is this
the same guy you talk about?
(laughing)
- Okay. Jesus.
I need to get some new friends.
- All right. let the guy talk.
- All right. thanks.
Well. Nick has always treated
me like family since day one.
You're like a brother to me.
We're all very fortunate
to have him in our lives.
Happy birthday. brother.
Salute!
- [Everyone] Salute!
- Fabrizio.
Must have been the booze talking.
- Oh come on.
All right. Nick.
Next time Bobby's giving a speech. okay?
(men laughing)
(uplifting guitar music)
(crickets chirping)
(men laughing)
- Listen to this. Listen to this.
So I'm there. right?
It's me. this guy and his wife. right?
And we're sitting there. you know. nothing
I have a couple drinks. no big deal.
And the guy looks at me. right?
He was like. "Hey Nick."
I'm like. "Yeah. what do you want?"
And he goes. "I'm going
to ask you something."
Something what's this guy want?
Is he asking for money?
What is he asking for?
He goes. "Nick. I want to sit right here.
And I want to see you bang
my wife in front of me."
(men laughing)
I'm like. "What? What'd you say?
He goes. "I want to see you
bang my wife in front of me."
(men laughing)
So I go. "Let me get this straight.
in case I heard you wrong.
There's something you said
you want to sit right there
while I bang your wife in front of you."
He goes. "Yeah. please. please."
(men laughing)
- So what did you tell?
- I made the prick wait
outside and banged his wife
and I went home.
(men laughing loudly)
Hey. you want to hear the funniest part?
As I'm leaving. the guy goes. "Thank you."
I'm like. "No. no. no. thank you."
(men laughing)
- Sounds like you're living the life man.
- If somebody asked to. right?
- Anyway. I got to go. guys.
It's been a lot of fun.
All right.
- Thank you. Go ahead.
- I'll see you later.
- Thank you for having me.
Hey. we all set for tomorrow morning?
- Mayor's office.
- 10 a.m.
- You guys drink some while?
- Yeah. yeah. we will.
- You here that Mr. Lawyer?
Mayor's office. tomorrow morning 10 a.am.
You ready?
- Hey. who are you talking to?
Okay. yeah. yeah. I got this.
- You got this?
- Come on.
- You better have this
because if you don't
you know what I'm going to do?
I'm going to make Bobby the new lawyer.
(men laughing)
- Yeah right. I do enough for you.
- Hi Nick. I got to head
out. happy birthday.
- All right. thank you.
- You want to come home. sweet heart?
- Sorry Bobby. I'm going
home with Fabrizio.
(men exclaiming)
(men laughing)
(speaking in Italian)
- [Anthony] Bye bye.
- Bobby strung out.
- Maybe next time. Bobby.
- You want to laugh?
He's my ride home.
(men laughing)
- Hurry!
- Go! Go! Hey Bobby take an Uber.
(men laughing)
- You better start running!
- Oh God.
- Oh geez.
- Oh. I got to go. Do me a favor.
- Yeah. what do you need?
You want some money?
- No. no. I got enough money.
- Yeah. my money.
(laughing)
- Really. really. Listen. Nick. listen.
Okay. do me a favor okay?
Don't go out tonight. go
straight to bed. okay?
We got the meeting in the morning.
- Hey. can you go home please?
I'm tired. I want to do shit
- All right.
- All right? Don't worry.
You're worse than my mother.
(Anthony laughing)
- These guys.
(sighing)
(emotional music)
- Hi.
- Hey.
You're taking off?
- Yeah. the bar is all cleaned up.
- All right.
(money flipping)
Thanks for everything.
- Thank you.
Happy birthday.
Hey. sorry about Lou earlier.
he's always been an asshole. I'm sorry.
- It's fine.
I don't scare. you silly.
especially with assholes.
- Yeah I kind of tell that about you.
- Yeah. I don't scare easily.
- Yeah.
- I'm tough.
- I will never mess with you.
(chuckling)
Hey...
You want me to have one of the guys
give you a ride home?
You need a ride home?
- No. I brought my car.
Thank you though.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- All right.
Well. how about I walk you to the door?
- Okay.
- Go home safe tonight. all right?
- I will.
- I'm tired. it was a long day.
A long day and a lot of booze.
- Well you're supposed to.
- That's your fault. you
made those drinks too strong.
- That means I did a good job.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- Thank you. Nick.
- Yeah. no problem.
- Good night.
- Good night. Erica.
Merci.
- Merci.
(door creaking)
(light music)
(intense music)
(speaking in Italian)
- We meet again.
- How you doing. Erica?
- I'm good. just had a nap.
Grinding away.
- Yeah. tell me about it.
I know the feeling.
- Espresso.
- Yeah. please. Thanks.
Hey. have the guys been here yet?
- No. not yet.
No one's been in. It's too early.
- Thanks again for working
my birthday party last night.
- Of course. I can always
use the extra money.
- Did you have a good time?
- I was working but
everything was really nice.
especially your food.
- You didn't get to eat nothing?
- No. I was working.
- Oh. I feel bad now.
Like I want to go to your house
and make you a home cooked
pasta meal or something.
- Are you a good cook?
- Of course.
I'm Italian.
It's like kind of in the blood.
- I've never been to Italy. Nick
- You've never been to Italy.
- Mm-hm.
- What the hell do you mean?
I mean. what do you do your whole life?
You like only work. that's it?
- Yeah. pretty much.
I got rent. bills.
- Student loan. bills. right?
Yeah. yeah. I got all of that.
I mean. I never went to school personally.
but I mean still got to have a
little fun in life. you know?
Live your life a little bit.
- How about this?
I promise by the time I'm 40.
I would have visited Italy.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- All right.
I mean. you know if you need me
to take you there personally. I can.
No problem.
I mean. no problem.
- You serious?
- Yeah.
I can be very spontaneous
when I want to be.
- I'm going to hold you to that.
- Yeah. you better.
- All right.
- Let me try your coffee. all right.
Let's see.
It's good. it's very good.
- Yeah? Thank you.
- It's better than Fabrizio's.
He's old now.
He doesn't make it as.
you know what I mean?
- It's still a huge
compliment coming from you.
- Anytime. From now on
you make my espresso.
Hey Erica. can you do me a favor?
Can you run the back room
for a few minutes. please?
- Yeah. of course now.
- Thanks honey.
- Nick. it was about
last night. the dispatch.
I'm sorry. I know things got out of hand
and I talked to Bobby.
(dramatic music)
I'm sorry.
(glass shattering)
(punch thudding)
(man grunting)
- Gone mother fucker!
- [Bobby] Nicky enough. Nicky enough.
- All right. I'm good. I'm good.
Hey. look at me.
Hey. I ever see you again. I'll kill you.
You understand?
I'll kill you!
Fabrizio!
(speaking in Italian)
I'll kill you.
Hey. we got to go see Anthony.
Come on. come on.
I'll kill you. you hear me?
And his whole family.
I'll kill you!
(Fabrizio speaking in Italian)
(suspenseful music)
- So you knocked him out?
- Yeah. I had to.
You saw it was in my party yesterday.
- Yeah. horrible.
- Loose cannon.
- Good to get rid of him then.
- Yeah. I don't want
that guy around no more.
- Mayor Olson. this is Nick Romano.
- Nice to see you.
- Romano.
- Nice to meet you.
My lawyer. Anthony Rivera.
- Mr. Mayor.
- [Mayor] All right boys.
I think we're about ready to get going.
Now. my deputy mayor here
tells me that you want
to create a casino by the beach.
- Yes. sir.
The Romano corporation has selected
a piece of land for the endeavor.
We fill out all the required applications
and are just waiting for you
to sign off on the building permits.
- I see.
- [Anthony] Your deputy mayor
mentioned that your office
is looking for ways to create
more jobs in the community.
Our research shows that a casino
will provide a 20% increase
in the Miami workforce.
- A workforce for who?
Hispanics parking cars?
Asians cooking?
Haitians doing the Uber?
Oh. and let's not forget the
Italians running the casino.
- Sir?
- You know. I would like to create jobs
for the Miami workforce. for Americans.
I don't want a bunch of
illegals running around
stealing jobs from decent
red blooded American.
- With all due respect. Mr. Mayor.
our company providing equal opportunity
to the workforce with no discrimination.
(chuckling)
- Is that so?
- Mr. Mayor. how about you tell me
why you won't let me build my casino?
- Well. let's just say. that
the past history of your family
raises a few red flags.
- I own a restaurant. I
own a real estate company.
I pay my taxes every
year like everybody else.
- I'm talking about your real business
in connection to the mafia.
- The mafia?
I'm not in the mafia.
Look at my record. go ahead.
It's clean.
I never even been arrested before.
(chuckling)
- Okay. Romano.
You want to play these
little games? We can.
- You know what's funny?
I mean. I'd like to think you being mayor.
you'd be supportive of a
boost to the Miami workforce.
I mean. you're the mayor. right?
- [Mayor] You better believe I am.
And it's a hell of an idea. boy.
A hell of an idea.
I just want the right people running it.
American people.
You get me. Romano?
- I got you.
- I think we're about
done here. gentlemen.
I do thank you for stopping by.
I appreciate it.
- Thank you for your time. Mr. Mayor.
- Romano.
one more thing.
Just remember that as
long as I'm the mayor.
there ain't no way you're going to build
a casino in my goddamn town.
(chuckling)
It's not happening. boy.
- You have a good day. Mr. Mayor.
Come on.
(door shutting)
We're going to go see
this Marcus Towns guy.
- Okay. I have to go back to my office.
- All right. I'll see you later.
- Let me know how it goes.
- All right (mumbling)
♪ If I see her than I got her bro ♪
♪ Yes I am dog with these
diamonds on my collar ♪
♪ And I swear I got
your girl head-banging ♪
♪ So they calling ♪
- Two DJ signed up in here.
Imma hire some another girls
for the bar tender position
and for hosts so.
I think that...
- Don't bring through.
- No. I mean we're doing serious.
I could try make
everything smooth and legit
and nice as the dresses. y'all wear.
(laughing)
(talking simultaneously)
♪ Touchdown when I land ♪
♪ Dawg I need that bag to go ♪
♪ I just need the check ♪
♪ I need a couple grand for that show ♪
♪ I don't got no time to waste ♪
♪ I ain't ever moving slow ♪
♪ They ain't doing nothing ♪
♪ But somehow they do the most ♪
♪ They want my soul dawg ♪
♪ So I can't sign no deal though ♪
- Yo. Marcus.
- What's it?
- Check it out. Nick Romano's here.
He asked if he can talk to you.
- Nick Romano is here?
You go bring him in.
If he down here might
be something important.
(chuckling)
Nick Romano!
What's cracking bro?
- My man.
- What's good.
- This is my boy. Bobby.
- Bobby. what's good.
Please fellows. you have
a seat. have a seat.
Ladies. you know who this dude is?
Whose family is?
Like they like old school OG shit.
I'm talking like...
- Okay.
- Yeah. I don't know
about all that. Marcus.
- So what's up. man?
What brings you down.
slum down with the black folks?
- No. no. no.
I stopped by 'cause I need to
ask you for a little favor.
- Me? For a favor?
What can I do for you?
Let's see.
Coc?
Weed?
Drugs?
What do you need?
Some girls?
- Nothing like that. Nothing like that.
You see Sonny Prima.
He happens to be a good friend of mine.
- Oh. Sonny Prima.
Okay.
- I was wondering if
maybe you wouldn't mind
keeping him on your label?
As a personal favor to me?
(Marcus grunting)
- Nick. Nick. man.
You know. I can't do that.
- Why is that?
- I mean Sonny's old. right?
Like old-old. like it doesn't.
Frank Sinatra done. Dean Martin shit
like this doesn't work nowadays. right?
Everything's like hip hop.
Everything's like trap. club shit.
He's just always he puts me to sleep.
So I don't think he's going
to work anymore on the label.
- No. I get that Marcus.
I respect that.
But you know. Sonny in particular.
he still has a following.
The old timers. they love him. right?
They love him.
- If I went to the grave.
(laughing)
Old timers. they're not streaming.
They're not buying nothing.
They're dying out. bro.
Dead. Frank Sinatra. Dean Martin shit.
that don't make me no money.
- Marcus. didn't your father and Sonny
have a deal for like
50 years or something.
- My father? My father.
if I remember correctly.
was getting robbed by your uncle.
Under label expenses.
Studio time. cars.
watches. all those things
and my father gave money
to him to help his career.
Do we never got that?
It sounds to me like you're trying to rob
the same way he was robbing my father.
- Look. I'm not trying to disrespect you.
- That's exactly what you're trying to do.
You must think I'm stupid. right?
Like. come on. man.
I know who you are.
You is a gangster.
You is gangster. right?
That's all gangsters
understand is gangster shit.
Only time you come down is
when you need something.
When you want something from the black man
trying to do the right thing.
I'm tired of it.
I'm not gonna let you rob
me like you robbed my pops.
You want to get some gangster shit?
Think I'm scared of you.
(gun cocking)
You know what?
The only thing you understand is this.
I'm not stupid.
I'm not a fool.
I'm not letting you rob me
like you did my pops until his grave.
You and that Goomba. walk out of my club
outside where you roll in.
Go!
(dramatic music)
Let me know if you're reconsidering.
- I'm not reconsidering shit.
Step!
- Time to go. gentlemen.
- I'm not a fool. Nick.
I know what you up to.
- Yeah.
Your asses just better keep moving.
- [Nick] Hey buddy.
You want to back down?
- And what if I don't?
You're going to make me?
- I'm not going to tell
you again. back off.
- Really?
(arm swishing)
(punch thudding)
- Oh that's good huh.
That's good.
(arm swishing)
(punch thudding)
(man grunting)
- I asked you nicely.
What?
- You know I could handled that.
- I had him.
- You know you had him
just as like what I do.
- All right. sorry Bobby.
Next time. he's all yours.
- Thank you.
That's all I asked for you.
That's two before lunch. you know that?
- You know you're becoming
very sensitive lately.
you know that?
- I'm not an over sensitive guy.
- That's the new girlfriend of yours.
Now what. you want to marry this girl?
You want to have kids?
Half the guys in the neighborhood
banged her last week.
You want to marry this fucking girl?
- Yeah.
(car engine revving)
- Listen. your dirty grease spa.
You better have my car
detail cleaned to perfection
or I'll deport you and your entire family
faster than you can say. "Adios."
It better be there.
Damn it.
(telephone banging)
(telephone ringing)
What the hell do you want now?
- You're the mayor. right?
- Well that all depends who wants to know.
- Someone who has a common enemy with you.
- You don't say.
Then just who is this common enemy?
- Nick Romano.
Let's just say I want to maybe discuss
taking care of him for you.
- Oh. I'm all ears. boy.
Tell you what. you come
over to my office right now
and we can have us a
little chat in person.
- All right.
Yeah. I'll be there in 30 minutes.
- Good. I look forward to seeing you.
(dramatic music)
- Nick. I'm sorry man.
The guy's a racist piece of shit.
- I thought you said this
guy wanted to open a casino.
- He wants to open a casino.
But you heard him.
"I want red blooded Americans to do that."
He doesn't want people like us.
- Nicky. why don't we just
get somebody to run it?
Pull the strings from the back.
- No. Bobby. I can't do that.
I open my own casino in
Miami and with my name on it.
No cover guys please. you know?
- I understand. Yeah.
- Diego. what's your boss into?
This awesome guy?
- It won't be hard to find.
He likes gambling. he
likes orgies with horse.
Basically anything that
keeps him away from home.
You'll find him.
- Stand up guy. huh?
- [Diego] He's a piece of shit.
Oh that's...
Yeah. I mean if you're
being sarcastic. then yeah.
He's a real piece of shit.
Anyway guys. I got to go.
- [Nick] All right.
- I got a meeting.
- All right Diego. I'll call you tomorrow
we'll figure something out. huh.
(tapping back)
Take care.
- Bobby.
Take it easy. Bobby.
- Be safe.
- What's up. you all right?
- Yeah. I'm going to hang
out here for a little bit.
- I'm going to get something
to eat. you hungry?
- No. no. it's okay but
get whatever you want.
- All right.
- All right. yeah.
- Looks like you could use another one.
- I could. thank you.
Sit down. sit down.
- Thank you.
Long day?
- Everyday is a long day.
- I do know that feeling.
- Well. you got to work tonight?
I actually have the rest of the night off.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- You like to play pool?
- Yeah. why?
- Are you any good?
- I'm all right.
- Come over to my house.
we'd play some pool.
- Are you serious?
- Yeah. we play a little pool.
Have a couple of drinks.
Get our minds off things. you know?
- I'm supposed to go out with my friends.
but honestly I'm just going to end up
eating pizza at home. watching TV.
- That sounds very exciting.
- Yeah. it's very exciting.
- Come on.
Live your life a little bit.
Come on. look at this face. huh?
Have a look at this face.
- It is very convincing.
All right. I'll go grab my
purse. I will be right back.
- All right. I'll be here.
- Okay.
(techno music)
(chips clattering)
- Let's see if you got lucky.
- Oh. you ain't ready for it.
- I'm ready.
- No. you're not.
This game was over before it even starts.
- Oh no.
Transfer it and pay it.
- It ain't over yet player.
- It absolutely is.
- Hey. Marcus.
How you doing boys?
- Oh. look who it is.
Sonny Prima.
What's going on. man.
Thanks for coming in.
What up Sonny?
- Hey man.
Thanks for calling me over I
appreciate you wanting to talk.
- Oh no. I got to talk to
our... what do you call him?
Legend.
- Legends
(chuckling)
You know. I wouldn't
consider myself a legend.
- Oh. I wouldn't either.
Legend is somebody who's
like old and respected.
like you know. has hits
or catalog of music.
You just old.
Matter of fact you saw. oh I
think you're going to see now.
Cause you're not hearing
me when I'm saying
our business is over.
- You're done?
- Your boys Nick came
to my club the other day
asking to renegotiate your contract.
- You know what I think?
I think you misinterpreted my intentions.
Yeah. I really do.
All I wanted him to do was to come here.
talk to you about my situation.
- Your intention is to rob me.
I'm not letting you and those Goombas
take another dollar out of my pocket.
You know what?
I don't understand why
he doesn't understand
how nice I'm being. just
letting him walk away.
- You misunderstood my
intention. forget it.
- You are lucky.
My boys haven't buried you by now.
- Oh really?
- Yeah. yeah.
Old man.
(punch thudding)
(Sonny grunting)
(thudding)
(dramatic music)
(panting)
- You drag this to the hospital
before it dies on my floor.
(dramatic music)
(glass toasting)
In Italian. we say "Salute"
- Salute.
Hey. that's cool. That's cool.
All right I'm up.
- You're up.
- I am up.
- Let me move this for you.
- Are you single?
- Me? Oh yeah. definitely.
I don't got time for that stuff.
You kidding me?
- I see you with lots of ladies.
- Those are only friends.
- Friends? You have lots of friends.
- Yeah. I do.
(billiard balls rolling)
Honey. I don't think you'd
hit that as you were sober.
(Erica laughing)
You really don't got no boyfriend.
- No. I have the worst luck with that.
I always choose the wrong one.
- It's their fault. not yours.
- It's their fault?
- Yeah. it's their loss.
- It's their loss?
- Exactly. high-five.
(hands hitting)
(Erica laughing)
I'm going to take this one.
Watch. watch this.
- You do it.
- All right.
So you from Miami?
- Born and raised.
(billiard balls rolling and hitting)
- Nice.
I'm from the East coast.
- What brought you out here?
The weather?
- Actually. no.
When I was 10 my parents
died in a car accident.
- Nick.
I'm so sorry.
- Oh no. no. it's okay.
It's all right.
See. I didn't have no other family
but my uncle Tony lived out here in Miami.
So he brought me out
here and he raised me.
- Are you two close?
- Oh yeah. yeah. yeah. He
was like a second father
and he was a good man.
He died a couple of years ago with cancer.
Great guy.
- At least you had a father.
and you had two.
- Go ahead.
I want you to do this one.
Over there.
- I'll be.
- All right. I'm going to see you shoot.
- Yeah.
Should I go for the green one?
- Oh for whatever you want. sweetie.
- May I help you?
- Yes. please do. Please do.
- All right. let me put this down.
It's real simple.
(Erica chuckling)
I mean. I can't look into this no more.
It's crazy.
- Is it that bad?
- It is pretty bad.
And I'm an alcoholic and
I'm telling you this.
So you get the white one.
Come here. come here. come here do it.
So you do like this.
- Do I have it...
- Yeah. yeah.
- On my hands?
- Hold it. Hold it.
You got to do your hand like that.
(sensual music)
(soft moaning)
- You're doing great.
- Yeah?
- Mm-hm.
♪ And I don't care how ♪
♪ Can't you see my love ♪
♪ I need you now ♪
- We didn't hit the ball.
- Forget about the ball.
♪ I'm still waiting ♪
♪ I need you now ♪
♪ I don't care how ♪
♪ Can't you see my love ♪
♪ I need you now ♪
♪ Promise I will make it right ♪
♪ I'm still waiting ♪
♪ I don't know what to do I
can't find the light in here ♪
♪ Don't know how should I feel ♪
♪ To stay alone with this feel ♪
♪ Moving too fast oh can we find a place ♪
♪ I forgot who I am. I
forgot where I came from ♪
♪ Forgot all my roots.
left on my safe zone ♪
♪ I'm stuck in a loop. stuck in a loop ♪
♪ Can't you see how ♪
♪ I need you now ♪
♪ I don't care how ♪
♪ Can't you see my love ♪
♪ I need you now ♪
- Hey. so Nick and Erica huh?
(whistling)
Yeah?
(Fabrizio speaking in Italian)
(laughing)
- Okay. go ahead. go ahead. Fabrizio.
(door opening)
- Hey. Bobby boy.
- Lou. what are you doing here?
Nicky don't want you around here.
- Relax. I didn't come to fight.
- So what are you doing here?
- Can't stop to see an old friend?
- Louie we're not friends.
- I just want to talk.
- Yeah. what do you want to talk about?
- Where's Nick?
- I don't know. he's not here.
- No it's all right.
Can you do me a favor?
Give this message for me?
- Message? What message?
- This.
(gun shooting)
(glass breaking)
- Now we're having fun.
(gun cocking)
(gun shooting)
(Fabrizio speaking in Italian)
(Fabrizio grunting)
(gun shooting)
(suspenseful music)
- Lou. you son of a bitch.
- Make sure Nick gets my message.
(emotional music)
- Fabrizio. say something.
(phone vibrating)
- Pick up the phone. Nick.
(distant birds chirping)
(ocean waves crashing)
(suspenseful music)
(gun cocking)
- What's wrong?
- Hey. stay in this room.
Don't come out.
- What do you mean don't come out?
- I mean. don't come out. Stay here.
(door sliding)
(thudding)
(banging)
(Lou coughing)
- Who sent you. Lou?
- I ain't talking.
- Look. you're gonna die either way.
Want to talk really quick?
Or you want to suffer for few days?
- Kiss my ass.
- May I ask you one last time.
Who sent you?
Who sent you?!
- Olson.
- Mayor Olson?
- Yeah.
(gun shooting)
- Hey. you all right?
- Did I just hear what I thought I heard?
- Don't ask right now. all right? Please.
- Nick.
- I need a second. all right?
Bobby. Bobby yeah. listen to me.
You come over to my house right now.
You understand?
You bring someone with you?
No. no. no.
I'm going to tell you everything
when you get over here.
You get to my house right now.
All right.
(speaking in Italian)
- Do you mind telling me what's going on?
- Look. I'm sorry.
I got some people coming
over right now. okay?
It's probably better if you
stay here till I tell you.
All right. I'm sorry.
- Nick.
- I'm sorry.
All right. you stay there.
you're going to be fine.
All right?
I got to make a call.
Anthony. Yeah. bro.
You got to come to my house right now.
What do you mean something
happened to Sonny?
What hospital?
Yeah. Yeah. I'm going
to be there right now.
Son of a bitch!
(dramatic music)
Sonny. hey. Sonny.
It's me. Nick.
I'm here.
How you feeling?
Who did this to you. Sonny?
- Marcus.
- All right. listen.
I don't want to get to
worry about nothing. okay?
Get some rest. get some sleep.
I'm going to be back
tomorrow. first thing. okay?
Don't worry about nothing.
You're going to be all right.
I got to go.
- Where are you going?
- You need to go home.
I'm going to get you an Uber. all right?
Don't worry. come on.
- Forget the Uber. Nick.
I want to know where you're going.
- I can't tell you that.
- I think whatever you're
planning to do is too dangerous.
- Listen. look. I really liked you a lot.
All right. I do.
I think you're great.
But right now. I got to
go do what I got to do.
- Why do you have to do it?
- Because no one else can.
- You don't have to do
anything if you don't want to.
- If I don't. more people
are going to get hurt.
Did you see Sonny?
Did you see him?
- Please. Nick. don't go.
- I can't sit back and not
do anything. you understand?
I'm not built like that.
- I don't want anything
bad happening to you.
- I'm Sorry. I got to go.
All right. Sorry.
- Am I going to see you again?
- I don't know.
Sorry.
I got to go.
- Nick!
Nick. please come back.
(Door shutting)
- Excuse me.
How you doing?
- Hey. you ain't supposed to be in here.
- Hey how you doing. I'm Nick Romano.
Do you mind if I excuse him
because he's a friend of mine.
- Yeah. sure.
(mumbling)
Go ahead. Thanks a lot.
Fabrizio.
(dramatic music)
(speaking in Italian)
(distant water flowing)
(woman knocking)
(lively music)
- Well. hello. darling.
Never seen you before.
- The agency sent me
'cause your regular girl isn't available.
(chuckling)
- I like what I see.
- You ready to party cowboy?
- I'm always ready to party.
Saddle up and let's get the rodeo going.
(door shutting)
- That was good. yeah. yeah.
No and I got you.
Look. I'm going to copy
two bottles on the table.
just bring your girls.
(chuckling)
Don't bring no dudes.
I'll tell you what?
Text me the address.
I'll send you a driver.
That's what's up. Thanks.
I'm going to get a good girl.
- Hey. Marcus.
- What's cracking. bro?
- You think Janet with the big titties
going to be with them?
- Oh. she rolling.
Oh yeah. She going to be there.
- Good.
- But you need to be
worried about her sister
with a big old booty though.
- No. Janet. you can have her sister.
- Tell you what. you take Janet.
I'm going to hang up with sister.
- Okay. That one's over.
- I'm going to use some
videos for a little escapade.
- Marcus Towns?
- Yeah. What's up? What you want?
- Detective Parks.
Miami PD. Narcotics unit.
We've got a tip of
you've got cocaine and
heroin on the premises.
- What?
Is that right man. What you want?
- This is our search warrant.
We're going to take a little look around.
- You just can't be coming to my club.
looking around for stuff.
- I guess you didn't hear
the part where I said
this is our search warrant.
You want to get in our way?
We'll take you to jail right now.
- Go ahead and look around.
You're never going to find them.
Who you've been talking to?
- Yeah. that's confidential.
- Oh. it's confidential.
- Yeah.
- Tell you. how about I just
get you some money right now.
tell me if you need been speaking with.
me and my boys are handling everything-
- Some money?
- Yeah.
- You boys find something?
- No.
- Yeah.
- What?
- Sounds like my boys found something.
- Found what?
- Oh. look at this.
- That is not mine. it got planted there.
Y'all did.
- Who did the Pillsbury Doughboy?
- What's with crooked ass cops.
(detective chuckling)
- Arrest them both.
- What?
- You put your hands behind your back.
- Don't put your hands on me bro.
- Come on.
- Is this how we do this?
- Right to remain silent...
That is exactly how we're going to this.
- Okay. I'll tell you what.
we'll call my lawyer.
He'll be out of here in two hours.
- Can't wait. get them out of here.
- You're crooked. man.
(speaking simultaneously)
- You do it. you do it.
(Mayor laughing)
You really don't stop now.
- You really like it when I do that to you
pretty cowboy?
(chuckling)
- You really know how to
wear an old cowboy out.
You do.
- You know how to wear me out. too.
- And guess what?
There's plenty more where that came from.
(chuckling)
Oh. tell you what.
I got to use a little boy's room.
- Hurry back.
- Oh. don't you worry.
I'll be back.
Yipee. yipee. I'm an old cowboy.
I'm a cowboy who loves to sing. yipee yow.
I'm loving. I love. love.
love to be a cowboy.
A cowboy who knows how to love.
And I got a little lover.
I got a little lover.
coming out to see me or
I'm going to go see her.
Hey. sweet thing.
I'm coming out to see you.
Come on out.
What the hell?
- Thank you Daphne. you go now.
- Mayor Olson. how are you?
- What do you want?
- Nick Romano sent me over here.
He want me to let you know Lou is dead.
- Nick's alive?
- He is very much.
Unfortunately. we're not going to be able
to say the same thing for you.
- No. wait a minute. son.
Hold on. boy.
Don't do anything you shouldn't.
(gun shooting)
- It is with a heavy heart.
but I accept the succession
for mayor of the City of Miami.
Mayor Olson was a mentor to me
and I will stop at nothing
until his murderers
are brought to justice.
My heart at this moment
goes out to his family.
I will do my best to make
Mayor Olson proud of me.
God bless Miami and God bless America.
(reporters chattering simultaneously)
- Hey Marcus. I can't be standing up
in there for too long. man.
My lady's going to be wondering
what the hell happened to me. man.
- I'm trying to think!
All right. so the judge is
going to give us a bond.
I'll call my lawyer. he know
how to get us out of here.
(exhales heavily)
There cameras in my club. I'm
gonna find out who did this.
I know this was a set up
man. Miami's cops is dirty.
- Towns.
Let's go. you got a visitor.
- Who?
- Who the hell I know?
You coming or not?
(keys rattling)
- Open it up.
- Nice and slow.
- Yo. I'll be back.
- Come on.
(hand cuffs locking)
Okay. he'll be right with you.
- Mr. Towns.
(door shutting)
Do you know who I am?
- You worked for the mayor right?
- Actually. Mayor Olson was
murdered a couple of days ago
and I'm mayor now.
- So?
- Do you know who this gentleman is?
- Yeah. I know you.
You Nick Romano's lawyer.
- That is correct.
- And what is this about?
So what do you want?
- You're in a bad spot. right?
You're on parole and you're here.
You're on parole for gun charges. right?
- Stop.
- You're still on parole.
And then we add on that
you were caught with
marijuana two years ago.
- First of all. I've been clean for years.
- Second. I'm not stupid to leave a brick
of cocaine in my own club.
You guys know who set me up?
- I don't know that.
Look. man. I don't know you
could be right for all I know.
But the fact is my drug
enforcement officers.
they find a lot of narcotics
in your property. a lot.
And now you add on those new charges now?
Come on. then you got about what is it.
10. 20. you were saying?
10. 20?
- Yeah.
- 10. 20.
Come on. man.
Your assets get liquidated.
No more money. you get out
of here when you're 60.
when you're 60 years old.
Come on. man.
Well just in time for a
social security check. right?
That's one way of your life can go.
That's one choice that you can make.
- How do I make this go away?
- Mr. Romano wants to help you Marcus.
If you let him. really.
I have two contracts here.
First. is a full renewal
of Sony Prima's old contract
effective for the rest of his life.
Please sign.
The second contract is
bringing on Nick Romano
as a 50% partner to your-
- What?
- You'll still run the company.
but you have to kick up
50% to Mr. Romano monthly.
- That's bullshit.
- Don't worry.
In the event. God forbid. that something
already ever happened to Mr. Romano.
you would retain full control
of your company and vice versa.
It's up to you. Marcus.
What do you say?
- I'm on a fucking curb.
(rhythmic music)
- Perfect.
I will file these right away.
- Inside.
Get you out of here in
a couple of minutes.
- Thank you. Marcus.
Mr. Romano is looking forward
to doing business with you.
(chairs creaking)
(dramatic music)
- How you doing. pal?
Let's get you out of those cuffs.
(chains clanging)
(sinister music)
(Marcus grunting)
- So I spoke to the doctor
and thank God Sonny's going to be okay.
- Nice. Good.
- He's good.
- So I got some more good news.
All the paper works been signed off on.
We start construction in
the casino in about a month.
- Hey.
- Salute for that.
- Salute.
(glass toasting)
- So listen guys. I got
to tell you something.
- What's going on?
- I'm going to go to
Sicily for a few months.
- Sicily? Sure about that?
- I'll be fine.
We're connected over there.
- It's not what I'm saying.
I just... Think it's a good time?
- We got a lot of heat on us right now.
It's smart if I go away for awhile.
- That make sense.
- Until things cool down.
- Things cool down?
You're going to be here
for the opening. right?
- Oh yeah. don't worry.
I'm not missing that.
Nick Romano Casino. yeah!
(men laughing)
- Okay. we'll keep things
running till you get back.
- While I'm gone.
Bobby's acting boss.
- Nicky?
- [Anthony] Hey! All right.
- Congratulations kid.
- Thanks. All right.
- One last thing guys.
Sonny Prima.
If he needs anything. I mean
anything while I'm away.
you guys got to take care of him.
- Considered though.
- Okay.
- Whatever he needs.
All right listen. I got to
go or I'll miss my flight.
Bobby. you want to take me?
- Of course. let's go.
- All right. Mr. Mayor.
- Thanks for everything.
- Always.
- Safe travel.
- Don't mess up. huh?
- I got this.
Congratulations.
- Have a safe flight.
Hey Nick.
- Yeah?
- Salute.
(speaking in Italian)
I'll see you.
(glass toasting)
- Got to work after this.
(groaning)
(peaceful music)
- Sicily. huh?
You're old country.
- Yeah. for a few months.
- So where are you
staying when you're there?
- My grandfather's old house.
Remember?
- Good. good. good.
It's a beautiful house
your grandfather built when he was alive.
Remember now. I'm glad
you kept it all this time.
- You know uncle Tony.
he was wanting to keep it in the family.
- I'm gonna tell you something
I never told you before.
He was very proud of you
and the way you turned out.
- He said that?
(speaking in Italian)
- He was my best friend. he
would tell me everything.
He was really proud of you.
- Thanks.
- No. no. no. no.
Thank you for everything and I mean it.
- You don't have to thank me. Sonny.
All you got to do is get better
'cause I needed to perform
opening night in my casino
all right?
(Sonny laughing)
All right?
- I'll be there. you can count on it.
- All right. appreciate it.
Listen. I got to go.
I'm going to go or I'm
going to miss my flight.
If you need anything whatsoever
while I'm gone. anything.
call the boys.
Anthony. Bobby. they'll take care.
- Will do.
- Ciao. Sonny.
I'll see you in a few months. huh?
(speaking in Italian)
- You know you are living
the American dream.
- Yeah. I guess I am.
Take it easy. Sonny.
- Have a safe flight. kid.
(dramatic music)
- [Nick] I didn't turn out so bad.
- [Tony Romano] No. you
didn't turn out too bad.
You turned out good.
And look at you. it's like my son.
(emotional music)
(intense action music)
(lively guitar music)